In previous part, I told you how we created the server side using Java for the DCB server and client.
So if you observe inside our IDE or code.
I'm using your port number as 1500, one five zero zero as a port number, so as you can see, I'm using
some different things here.
So you should record this Jalopnik.
And by default, it is PCP connection.
Internal using TCP IP protocol, all the closing and each and everything.
So what I'm going to do is now I need to create some client.
As I mentioned here, I'm using planted.
But what if the client did it?
We use the some multithreading concepts.
So before that, I will explain multi-threading concepts for TCP server client.
As I told you, there is one client process and server process.
Yeah.
What will happen when server code runs on the supply side will be like?
Or we can say online now client will ask the server or request the server to join me select server.
So this is one client process in saying that it consists TCP IP network, which network driver will
network and another network that it will be connected to this.
So there is one socket layer, two device layer protocol, each and everything in this sort of workplan
process.
So this is only one client, but in our case, we need more processes, which is basically more clients.
For that, but you can create more processes.
But what a sort of worst program or we can say server configuration, which is I'm considering your
local host, my own machine.
Is very less compatible for handling such processes, it can handle our own Ben Bruce install process.
But in the real scenario, we want to connect more clients like in a group of any chat system.
You have our participants, basically and their clients.
Similarly, I want to create such a scenario for that is what I'm going to do.
I'm going to handle it by multithreading.
So what is multi-threading?
You know, the process, what you can do.
You can divide that process into task and task.
So that is the multi-tiered of concepts, you can divide the process in two different different threads
and you can create as a task and you can use that process other task.
So consider like you want to take some or you want to buy some vegetables from market, but you have
given the sequence like first then or you can say you have to buy my some three vegetables for vegetables.
But sequence is not given what you can do and you want to buy on some fruits.
So meanwhile, you can buy one vegetable, you can buy one fruit.
After that, you can buy two vegetables, you can buy one fruit again.
According to time stamp.
The System Requirements System Configuration Multi-tiered will be handled through the virtual machine
so that such tasks like process device you can do.
The task for task for us is divided.
What a second task if it's taking too much time.
Over the Java virtual machine actually calculates homeless time it requires.
But if that time is more than another process does, it will use that process and it simultaneously
runs both processes.
In this time will be we really ought to begin to retain complexity, will be very lest our system utilization
is at maximum level.
So military is a good application part for our channel.
So what is my identity in the Java?
Multi-threading and Java is a process of executing multiple rules simultaneously.
As I told you to decide, it basically task in our surpluses, as you can see, so you can execute the
multi-tiered assignment and see a trade is lightweight, so process knowledge you need to see multiprocessing
and multi-threading.
Both are used to accumulate, asking What is it multi-tasking?
We can say I'm connecting a client as I'm telling you, I'm creating client through here.
So what it will be do.
It will similarly do that client information server simultaneously.
It will connect that client to the server simultaneously.
It will ask the name for the client, then simultaneously it will ask for the message and then this
list server can do some another utilization also.
So what will we do in writing clients, the Nightengale users server?
Never be done.
We can say server.
Always be like.
So multi-threading is a Java feature that allows concurrent execution of two or more of our top program
or the maximum utilization of sleep, or you can see a process or you assisting each part of such program
is called a so trade is a lightweight process within the process.
So what are you going to do?
You can perform trades using two mechanism expanding the trade glass, implementing the runnable based
interface, basically.
So these are the two methods.
Or you can say, two types of Java would work similar.
There is no difference between of them.
There are slight differences in the naval interface.
And here.
Here I am, creating another class client paradigm.
I'm going to expand that to the third class, which is basically default class.
So let me go with that.
OK.
So as I told you, we are done with this with some clients, you know, what I'm going to do is I'm
mentioning the glacier.
The class names should be Lion Trail, because, as I mentioned already.
Lion.
Through.
Extends.
Three.
So as you can see, I mean, what would that claim through, but.
And you can see now this is in looking like that class is in here.
Client, then each and everything.
As a top, I know this program is very lengthy, so I'm expanding step by step, then I need to modernise
to create this new only one instance, I will explain it.
One instance.
Of.
This trade.
Will.
But then what each client, so for each client it will execute wanted, and we can create more than
under two thousand trades in Java, according to the Java JVM, as a virtual machine.
So we need no need to require some in the higher computer, or we can say you can invoke it as what
you want.
Then I need to create soccer tier soccer to get my message.
So what I'm going to do is I'm going to mention soccer soccer.
They're talking then object would seem to intent, because what why I'm using object input stream,
you will understand you're.
Let me put this.
As we.
You already mentioned here, let me change where I mentioned that it's input, so it's input, it's
for doing that.
Inside is all we can say or, you know, object outputs as this is, at least I need to create object
outputs, think inputs, sing for that purpose.
I created its input variable.
You're already I mentioned here because I want to create in that part, if you want to create you,
then create plus plant plus plant three, then you can go to the mean part.
But I'm going as a.
Then I need to mention object output stream.
Its output.
Then.
Not to mention unique I.D..
By university, it is easier for the connection, the connecting everything, it is very easier if we
are to execute it in that part.
Username.
Which is basically stunning.
As I told you, I already created each and everything here.
Then.
Message object.
Who?
This new message.
So what did we do?
Subjective message chat message.
See in.
So I will tell you why I'm using your chat message and what is the gentleman said here?
I already created this chat room on stage, as you can see this class.
So I will create one program here, and I'm using that programming into this I haven't created.
I will create that part.
Time for that time.
What I'm mentioning is string date.
Then I need to create constructive, because for the passenger loop, you can directly blast through
the air or what you can see arguments or you can create a constructor for that purpose, for that purpose
or the client in the name.
So it shouldn't be there at all.
Typekit should be there.
What you can see arguments.
Again, I'd say it is very important because it is equal to less plus uniquely.
So.
So what is this unique idea I'm going to do is I'm going to create that later.
I will tell you.
So.
Let me check all the things here, OK?
No, what I'm going to do is let's be listening to what I'm going to do is.
Then socket or socket?
Is equal to socket, so it will default legal for voting for the right to that part.
And what I'm going to mention is your son's statement.
Two chicken eating correct or not, or you can say trade is trying to create each and everything.
I will bring this year.
Object streams.
So we already created this part, and what I'm going to do is know.
All.
I'm going to.
Jake, here, basically, because I made a mistake in naming four.
She's basically this should be.
Because it should be a plus plus in that part, not so what I needed and just.
Is that part?
What he's doing is.
OK.
So why are is giving me a reason?
Basically, because of I created a private static and unique I.D..
And what I did is I close that glass already.
Or inside me, inevitably going to say this glass to what I'm going to do is instead of closing this
glass, insert this again, closed this.
So now you can say you will be running.
Well, the areas will be less you.
This is for the server, this is for the clients, and this is for the client through.
So.
And so designed to create a January thing, I need to invoke that socket to what I'm going to do is.
After this is done.
I need to create one or two events creating soccer without creating a connection.
I already mentioned everything about what I need to mention of its output is input each and everything.
So let me do that stuff first.
It should win in large block.
So what is the significance of the decision?
Adequate cash flows, we need to mention that exceptionalism.
You're.
OK, so I will explain it later.
Let me do that, so first, what I mentioning it is I created a good stream and inside this, I'm putting
that input.
As I told you, I created already immediately for the input.
Using this, I'm reading the user name and being that read object and then broadcasting it directly
to the notify.
Which is basically that stars start part and often after this catch, I need to mention that catch extra
catch plus for the class, not fun.
Also.
So these are also required.
So now you can see the object will be gone.
And what I'm system, but I'm not telling you, I'm printing that stuff.
How are we going to mention this?
And after this, I need to mention the data also because it should printer date after this date.
Dude, how are you going to create this client constructor and each and everything?
So now we are remaining with some more tech support with great user name consumption, each and everything.
I will tell you in these only, oh, we are going to do that stuffs and.
Hope you understand this.
Stick to this topic, and in the later part, I'm going to create some Java swing on song, so I will
tell you, but inside that I'm not mentioning all the stops.
I mentioned the only like part and some string concepts.
So this is it.
We can create a server, but we are remaining with client, but also plan parties.
So we can create do not we do not own 50 lines of code.
And that message, I'm going to mention all legitimate stages.
So once we establish all the server connection, we can proceed with client and materials.